Feat: updated dependencies and build script (#10)
aurora-is-near/aurora-workspace: README.md

# aurora-workspace

> Aurora Workspace library for the Aurora Engine contract based on NEAR Protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aurora Workspace is a library for the Aurora Engine and ETH-connector contracts based on NEAR Protocol.
```

Easy to use as workspace utility to interact and tests
Aurora Engine compatible NEAR contracts.

## Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV)

This library is only compatible with Rust version 1.64.0 and above.

## Useful commands for development

- `make check` - run clippy for all code and mock 
  projects. Check formatting.
- `make test` - build mock projects and run tests
- `make test-flow` - run tests only (mock project should be build)

## Tests

> Before running tests, build/generate the WASM file as described [here](res/mock_engine/README.md).

Reviewer: Can we make the makefile generate the wasm file automagically instead of relying on the `README.md` file?

## Tests

> Before running tests, build/generate the WASM file as described [here](res/mock_engien/README.md). Then run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before running tests, build/generate the WASM file as described [here](res/mock_engine/README.md). Then run:
```
